README.md, before:

# README
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

### Micro Reddit

This project is an event page, with allows you to create events and invite other users, user can see all the events from the home page, but also a user can see its events from the link on the navbar "my events", also you can see all the events invitation you been sent using the link on the navbar "notifications", here you have access to all the events you have assisted and future events, you can filter the events on all the pages including the home page and "My events" page.

You can modify and delete events and other users can see the event's more important info and also see who is attending the events, on the same event info page. Event owners can also remove invitations and also you cant submit a limited amount of people assisting the event so once the limit is reached no more invitations can be accepted.

### Live Version

- [Link to live version](https://secure-hamlet-92535.herokuapp.com/login)


### Prerequisites

- Windows, Mac or Linux machine 

- Web browser other than Internet Explorer

​
### You can deploy this project forking it on GitHub and then going to:

- Repository

- Settings

- GitHub Pages(Select source)

- Save


### Install

- run bundler install on your console
- run rails db:migrate to build the tables on the database

### Setup

- Rails Server to run it

### Build With

- Ruby 
- Rails
- SQL


👤 **Author**

👤 **Jose Alberto Arriaga Ramos**

- GitHub: [@jaarkira](https://github.com/jaarkira )

- Twitter: [@91_jaar](https://twitter.com/91_jaar )

- LinkedIn: [Jose Arriaga](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jaar/)
​

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

## Show your support


Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!


## Acknowledgments

- Microverse ( https://www.microverse.org/ )

## 📝 License

​
 
© 2021 GitHub, Inc.
Terms
Privacy
Security
Status
Docs
Contact GitHub
Pricing
API
Training
Blog
About

Commit message:

upadate readme file project description

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

### Private Events

This project is a calendar event page made with ruby on rails, that allows you to create events and select a date, name, set a limit of people for the event.

Also, you can send invitations to users, then each user can see their invitations on a notifications area.

Once an event is created the owner can edit it, delete and have control over the people who have accepted the invitation or remove people from the list.

Invited users can see a list of the people who will attend the event on the event description page and also can refuse or cancel an accepted invitation.

Users can see all the events they have attended and upcoming events. These two options also apply to the events you create.

### Live Version

- [Link to live version](https://secure-hamlet-92535.herokuapp.com/login)


### Prerequisites

- Windows, Mac or Linux machine 

- Web browser other than Internet Explorer

​
### You can deploy this project forking it on GitHub and then going to:

- Repository

- Settings

- GitHub Pages(Select source)

- Save


### Install

- run bundler install on your console
- run rails db:migrate to build the tables on the database

### Setup

- Rails Server to run it

### Build With

- Ruby 
- Rails
- SQL


👤 **Author**

👤 **Jose Alberto Arriaga Ramos**

- GitHub: [@jaarkira](https://github.com/jaarkira )

- Twitter: [@91_jaar](https://twitter.com/91_jaar )

- LinkedIn: [Jose Arriaga](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jaar/)
​

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

## Show your support


Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!


## Acknowledgments

- Microverse ( https://www.microverse.org/ )

## 📝 License

​
 
© 2021 GitHub, Inc.
Terms
Privacy
Security
Status
Docs
Contact GitHub
Pricing
API
Training
Blog
About
